---
gid: '1807332909568923'
title: '[Notice] Transaction Restriction System Changes (08/07/25)'
date: '2025-08-07T11:44:03+00:00'
author: GM_Dhana
url: https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/1807332909568923
language: en
feedlabel: Community Announcements
feedname: steam_community_announcements
appid: 1377580
---

# [Notice] Transaction Restriction System Changes (08/07/25)

Hello! This is an announcement from Soulworker.

We would like to inform you of the changes made to the following item-related restrictions for accounts, which were applied in March and May 2025.

**Affected Features:**
- Trade (1:1 Transaction)
- Mail (H.E.M.S)
- Market
- League Storage

**### Restriction Changes**

**- Before Update:**
※ You can view the previously implemented transaction restrictions in the announcement below:

 Transaction Restriction System Changes (05/15/25)
[](https://vfun-lounge.valofe.com/page/soulworker/Notice/25733)

**- After the Update:**
※ The following features require the character to be Level 85:
  - 1:1 Trading
  - Mail (H.E.M.S)
  - Market

※ The features listed below will be restricted for 30 days after an account's first Cash Shop purchase:
  - This applies to:
    - Accounts created after the August 7 update
    - Accounts created before August 7 that have never made a Cash Shop purchase

    **Restricted features:**
    - 1:1 Trading
    - Mail (H.E.M.S)
    - Market
    - League Storage

**Note:**
- If your 30-day restriction is still active, you may not be able to wrap costumes.
- The 30-day countdown will now be displayed on your Profile menu.

**### Amendments FAQ**

**#1**

**Question:**
- I made my first Cash Shop purchase on July 21. Will the 60-day restriction still apply after the August 7 update?

**Answer:**
- No. Starting August 7, the 60-day restriction will be shortened by 30 days.

**Example:**
- Before August 7 Policy:
  - Account Created: April 13
  - Purchase Date: July 21
  - Item Restriction: 60-day countdown begins
  - Transaction Restriction: 60-day countdown begins
  - Both restrictions end: September 21

**- After August 7 Policy:**
  - A 30-day reduction will be applied to the transaction restriction.
  - New Transaction Restriction End Date: August 21

**#2**

**Question:**
- What happens to accounts that have already completed the Transaction Policy before the March 2025 update?

**Answer:**
- If your account already fulfilled the initial transaction requirement (e.g., first Cash Shop purchase completed before March 2025), you will retain full access to the following features without further restrictions:
  - 1:1 Trading
  - Mail (H.E.M.S)
  - Market
  - League Storage

**Example:**
- An old account that met the first-purchase condition
- Made a Cash Shop purchase by July 10
- After the August 7 update, no transaction restrictions will be displayed on the account
