---
gid: '1821922921815256'
title: '[Event] The 1st SOUL JUMPER International Competition!'
date: '2026-01-16T08:03:15+00:00'
author: モスグリーン
url: https://steamstore-a.akamaihd.net/news/externalpost/steam_community_announcements/1821922921815256
language: en
feedlabel: Community Announcements
feedname: steam_community_announcements
appid: 1377580
---

# [Event] The 1st SOUL JUMPER International Competition!

Hello! This is SoulWorker! We are launching the \[1st Entertainment Soul Jumper International Competition]!This event is a global competition where Walkers from different countries will compete for their national pride. By representing your country and challenging the Soul Jumper, you’ll have a chance to earn special rewards based on your records!We hope for your enthusiastic interest and participation~! Please check the details of the event below!** ****■ \ The 1st SOUL JUMPER International Competition!****1) Event Period**-January 16th 08:00 ~ February 8th 14:59 (GMT)-January 16th 00:00 ~ February 8th 06:59 (PST)-January 16th 17:00 ~ February 8th 23:59 (KST)-January 16th 16:00 ~ February 8th 22:59 (GMT+8)

**2) How to Participate in the Event****\
**Please register a post on the **ORVVIT Lounge \** page by attaching a **Soul Jumper clear screenshot** along with a **video verification link** following the format below to complete your event participation.

- ("https://www.orvvit.com/page/soulworker")[/*]
**<Event Participation Post Format>**

- **Title:** \ In-game Nickname / Clear Time[/*]
- **Content:**

- Soul Jumper clear screenshot \[/*]
- Gameplay video link \ or \[/*]
[/*]
**Example)**

- **Title:** \ GMDana / 1 min 13 sec 52[/*]
- **Content:**("https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3J1-e8e3W5A")[/*]
※ Only play records completed within the event period will be considered valid for participation.
※ Event participation will only be recognized if the gameplay video can be verified through the post.
※ Gameplay videos must be uploaded in their original, unedited form (only BGM editing is allowed).
※ If the clear time cannot be confirmed in the video, the entry will not be considered valid.
※ Gameplay videos may be uploaded to any SNS or platform, and sharing a file link is also acceptable.
※ Soul Jumper records will be prioritized in the following order: \ → \.**Example:**

- **Checkpoint Stage 1 clear time: 00:40 (Loss)**[/*]
- **Checkpoint Stage 3 clear time: 03:40 (Win)**[/*]
※ If both the checkpoint stage and clear time are the same, the user who submitted their verification first will be prioritized.
※ Entries verified through abnormal or exploitative gameplay will be excluded from the event.
※ Records will be updated periodically on the Global Service \ SOULWORKER page.
**☞ [\]("https://www.orvvit.com/page/soulworker")**

**▶ Event Rewards
1) Gold Medal Reward
**- 1st Soul Jumper Gold Shoes
: Increases town movement speed by +150

**2) Silver Medal Reward**
- 1st Soul Jumper Silver Shoes
: Increases town movement speed by +100)

**3) Bronze Medal Reward
**- 1st Soul Jumper Bronze Shoes
: Increases town movement speed by +50

**4) Participation Reward
**- 1st Soul Jumper Starter Shoes: No additional effects ★ For the Gold, Silver, and Bronze medal reward items, the description will display the winning player’s \.
**5) Gold Medal Winning Country \****- **\ Costume

※ Important Notes ※

- If your record improves after participation, you can update your latest record by submitting an additional verification within the event period.[/*]
- Posts that violate the SoulWorker operation policy or do not align with the purpose of the event will be excluded from event participation.[/*]
- Unauthorized use of another player’s post or screenshot will result in exclusion from the event and may lead to penalties.[/*]
- If your in-game nickname is entered incorrectly when participating, your event entry may be canceled.[/*]
- If you do not see the event rewards in your mailbox after distribution, please reconnect your character and refresh your mailbox.[/*]
